KGO konnect e ntities and konnect getting started (#1372)
Kong/developer.konghq.com: app/_how-tos/operator-konnect-certificate-ca-cert.md

works_on:
  - konnect
search_aliases:
  - kgo certificate
  - kgo ca certificate
entities: []
related_resources:
  - text: CA Certificate
    url: /gateway/entities/ca-certificate/
  - text: Certificate
    url: /gateway/entities/certificate/
tags:
  - konnect-crd
 
tldr:
  q: How do I configure TLS and CA certificates for {{site.konnect_short_name}} using KGO?

>   a: Use `KongCertificate` and `KongCACertificate` to manage TLS credentials and CA roots, and assign SNIs using `KongSNI`.

Author: ```suggestion
  a: Use `KongCertificate` and `KongCACertificate` to manage TLS credentials and CA Certificates
```

      name: gateway-control-plane # Reference to the KonnectGatewayControlPlane object
  cert: | # Sample CA certificate in PEM format, replace with your own
      -----BEGIN CERTIFICATE-----
      MIIB4TCCAYugAwIBAgIUAenxUyPjkSLCe2BQXoBMBacqgLowDQYJKoZIhvcNAQEL
      BQAwRTELMAkGA1UEBhMCQVUxEzARBgNVBAgMClNvbWUtU3RhdGUxITAfBgNVBAoM
      GEludGVybmV0IFdpZGdpdHMgUHR5IEx0ZDAeFw0yNDEwMjgyMDA3NDlaFw0zNDEw
      MjYyMDA3NDlaMEUxCzAJBgNVBAYTAkFVMRMwEQYDVQQIDApTb21lLVN0YXRlMSEw
      HwYDVQQKDBhJbnRlcm5ldCBXaWRnaXRzIFB0eSBMdGQwXDANBgkqhkiG9w0BAQEF
      AANLADBIAkEAyzipjrbAaLO/yPg7lL1dLWzhqNdc3S4YNR7f1RG9whWhbsPE2z42
      e6WGFf9hggP6xjG4qbU8jFVczpd1UPwGbQIDAQABo1MwUTAdBgNVHQ4EFgQUkPPB
      ghj+iHOHAKJlC1gLbKT/ZHQwHwYDVR0jBBgwFoAUkPPBghj+iHOHAKJlC1gLbKT/
      ZHQwDwYDVR0TAQH/BAUwAwEB/zANBgkqhkiG9w0BAQsFAANBALfy49GvA2ld+u+G
      Koxa8kCt7uywoqu0hfbBfUT4HqmXPvsuhz8RinE5ltxId108vtDNlD/+bKl+N5Ub
      qKjBs0k=
      -----END CERTIFICATE-----
{% endkonnect_crd %}
<!-- vale off -->

## Validation

<!-- vale off -->
{% validation kubernetes-resource %}
kind: KongCertificate
name: cert
{% endvalidation %}

{% validation kubernetes-resource %}
kind: KongCACertificate
name: ca-cert

> {% endvalidation %}

Author: Added this.
